“I wonder who on earth that was on the telephone,” Lexy reflected. “It was queer—just on the only night of her life when she’d ever gone out on her own.
And he sounded so terribly upset! It was queer.
Perhaps—” She was aware of a fast-growing oppression.
The influence of Caroline’s room was beginning to tell upon her.
Caroline didn’t understand about larks.
She wasn’t that sort of girl.
Quiet, shy, and patient, she had never shown any trace of resentment against her restricted life, or any desire for the good times that other girls of her age enjoyed.
The more Lexy thought about it, the more clearly she realized the strangeness of all this, and the more uneasy she became. ... mantelpiece struck one, it came as a shock.
Lexy sprang to her feet and looked about the room, filled with unreasoning fear.
One o’clock, and Caroline hadn’t come back! Suppose—suppose she never came back? Lexy dismissed that idea with healthy scorn.
Things like that didn’t happen; and yet—what was it that gave to the pink and white lamplit room such an air of being deserted? He swallowed. “The robot—” “That’s not Mom.
She’s got a few of those, they can change their faces when they need to.
Configurable matter.
Mom has been here, mostly, and at the CAFTA embassy.
I only met her for the first time two weeks ago, but she’s nice, Dad.
I don’t want you to go all copper on her, OK? She’s my mom, OK?” He took her hand in his and patted it, then climbed to his feet again and headed for the door.
The knob turned easily and he opened it a crack.
There was a robot behind the door, humanoid and faceless. “Hello,” it said. “My name is Benny.
I’m a Eurasian robot, and I am much stronger and faster than you, and I don’t obey the three laws.
I’m also much smarter than you.
I am pleased to host you here.” “Hi, Benny,” he said.
The human name tasted wrong on his tongue. “Nice to meet you.” He closed the door.
His ex-wife left him two months after Ada was born.
The divorce had been uncontested, though he’d dutifully posted a humiliating notice in the papers about it so that it would be completely legal.
The court awarded him full custody and control of the marital assets, and then a tribunal tried her in absentia for treason and found her guilty, sentencing her to death.
Then ferret brought the Group’s attention back to my brother in a way that caught me by surprise. <ferret> Hey, I'm heading to Minneapolis for a few days.
How about a meet-up? <Kadabra> When will you be there, ferret? <ferret> I was scheduled on a Sunday flight, but I can come sooner. <Kadabra> I can be there. <inky> I wish - too far from Melbourne. <gargle> Count me in. <DoDec> Are you going to that cyberlaw thing? <ferret> Yep.
Speaking on Tuesday. <callmecheese> I'm signed up! Lemme see if I can change my tickets. <Kadabra> There's a great brewpub near the conference site.
Dinner on Tuesday? <ferret> Wait wait wait, what about Shad's brother? <Falstaff> Yep, we need to figure that shit out . <Gargle> Shad, does a meet-up sound good? I can fix us up with a safe place to get together .
I was frozen for a minute, unsure how to respond.
The day was catching up with me.
It was nearly four in the morning, and my brain was feeling fuzzy.
The Group had meet- ups regularly.
Someone would say “hey, I’m going to be in Bangkok next week, anybody want to get together?” and people would figure out where to meet and hang out for a while.
Or there’d be a hackathon or an SF fan convention or a gaming event - something that a handful of members might be going to and they’d work out a plan to meet somewhere. “Stay there, please,” he told Lexy. “You have the lantern.
I shan’t be a minute.” But as soon as he had reached the foot of the ladder, Lexy climbed down after him; and just at the same moment, they saw— They were standing in a tiny room with roughly mortared walls.
A powerful electric torch stood on end in one corner, and at their feet lay the body of a man, face downward across a wooden chest.
It was Dr.
Quelton.
With a violent effort Captain Grey lifted the doctor’s heavy shoulder, while Lexy covered her eyes.
She knew that he was dead.
No living thing could lie so.
Her head swam, her knees gave way, and she tottered back against the wall, half fainting, when the captain’s voice rang out, with a note of agony and despair that she never forgot. “My God! My God!” he wailed. “Oh, Muriel!” She opened her eyes.
For a moment she was too giddy to see.
Then, as her vision cleared, she saw him on his knees beside the chest.
When she looked back upon the experiences of that dreadful night, it seemed to Lexy that both she and her companion displayed almost incredible endurance.
Since morning they had lived through a very lifetime of emotion, to end now in this tragedy more horrible than anything they could have feared.
I didn't believe it for a second.
There's no way a judge would say that all this stuff constituted any kind of real crime.
It was free speech, it was technological tinkering.
It wasn't a crime.
But who said that these people would ever put me in front of a judge.
"We know where you live, we know who your friends are.
We know how you operate and how you think." It dawned on me then.
They were about to let me go.
The room seemed to brighten.
I heard myself breathing, short little breaths.
"We just want to know one thing: what was the delivery mechanism for the bombs on the bridge?" I stopped breathing.
The room darkened again.
"What?" "There were ten charges on the bridge, all along its length.
They weren't in car-trunks.
They'd been placed there.
Who placed them there, and how did they get there?" "What?" I said it again.
"This is your last chance, Marcus," she said.
She looked sad.
"You were doing so well until now.
Tell us this and you can go home.
You can get a lawyer and defend yourself in a court of law.
There are doubtless extenuating circumstances that you can use to explain your actions.
Just tell us this thing, and you're gone." "The great and only Max is more stiff and standoffish than ever this year," said Huldah.
"I've simply given up trying to please her, for there's no justice in her; she is good to her favorites, but she doesn't pay the least attention to anybody else, except to make sarcastic speeches about things that are none of her business.
I wanted to tell her yesterday it was her place to teach me Latin, not manners." "I wish you wouldn't talk against Miss Maxwell to me," said Rebecca hotly.
"You know how I feel." "I know; but I can't understand how you can abide her." "I not only abide, I love her!" exclaimed Rebecca.
"I wouldn't let the sun shine too hot on her, or the wind blow too cold.
I'd like to put a marble platform in her class-room and have her sit in a velvet chair behind a golden table!" "Well, don't have a fit!—because she can sit where she likes for all of me; I've got something better to think of," and Huldah tossed her head.
"Isn't this your study hour?" asked Emma Jane, to stop possible discussion.
This somewhat flagrant misnomer might be considered an obscene breach of language usage if one neglected to take into account two critical facts: first, that the ship's schematics actually labeled it as Gamma Level, since it happened to fit comfortably between Beta Level and Delta Level; and second, that Gamma Level was the primary repository of paying passengers— folks who either should not be expected to carry a working knowledge of the Greek alphabet in their neural networks, or who considered such a sterile reference system to be vaguely chilling and gauche and hopelessly neo-militaristic.
Even in the quasi-federal deep space shipping business, it was important to maintain the illusion that the customer was always right.
No garden, but there was food— from the basic federal protein paste dispenser available to all passengers and crew at no cost, to the private vendors who had leased ship space and paid a tonnage fee for their business stock of supplies.
Mr.
Wu's Taste of the Orient.
Li Nan's Old American Cuisine.
The Poultry Hut.
An endless succession of franchise burger stands and interstate off -ramp staples.
Most of these were permanent berths, as much a part of the Paraclete ecosystem as the engineers, officers, soldiers and crew.
There were worse business propositions in the galaxy than having six or seven thousand guaranteed customers for six solid months.
Check that: six or seven thousand reasonably wealthy customers, given that they could afford passage on a ship of Paraclete's class in the first place. “Captain of a ship?” asked Lexy, with interest.
She thought she would like to talk about ships. “Oh, no!” said he, rather shocked. “Army—British army—stationed in India.” “I knew you were an Englishman.” “Did you really?” said he, as if surprised. “People do seem to know.
My first visit to your country—six months’ leave—so I’ve come here to see my sister—Mrs.
Quelton.
She’s married to an American doctor.” Lexy thought there was something almost pathetic in his chivalrous anxiety to explain himself. “I’m Alexandra Moran,” she said. “Thank you!” said Captain Grey. “Thank you very much, Miss Moran!” There was no opportunity for further polite conversation, for the taxi had stopped and the driver came around to the door. “Better make a run fer it!” he said. “I’ll take yer bags.” So Captain Grey took Lexy’s arm, and they did make a run for it, through the fine, chilly rain, along a garden path and up on a veranda.
The door was opened at once. “Miss Royce?” asked Captain Grey. “Mrs.
Royce,” said the other. “Come right in.
My, how it does rain!” “Something real?” “Like you said.
Action that matters.
Something big, and soon, before everybody forgets about the Minneapolis Nine.” “I want to be at this meeting.” I put my hand on his, gave it a little squeeze. “I mean, I know I’m kind of young, but it’s my brother who’s in jail.” “That’s the problem.
Maybe you’re being watched because of your famous brother.” “But I’m not famous.
The feds think I’m just a dumb kid, but I know a lot about how to keep my tracks hidden.
I’ll be super- careful.
Please? This matters to me.” “I’ll have to check, but it’ll probably be okay.” He tried to sound sure of himself but just sounded nervous. “I have to be at this meeting.
Simon, it would mean everything to me.” “I’ll see what I can do.” “Give me your number so I can reach you.” He leaned close and whispered it to me as if he was a spy passing vital information.
I saved the contact and smiled at him. “Thanks, Simon.
It’s good to know someone who gets it.
Who’s willing to do something more meaningful than post Facebook updates.” Rebecca looked disappointed but not quite dis-heartened.
"That's pretty good," she said encouragingly.
"You're warm but not hot; there's a brook, but not a common brook.
It has young trees and baby bushes on each side of it, and it's a shallow chattering little brook with a white sandy bottom and lots of little shiny pebbles.
Whenever there's a bit of sunshine the brook catches it, and it's always full of sparkles the livelong day.
Don't your stomach feel hollow? Mine doest I was so 'fraid I'd miss the stage I couldn't eat any breakfast." "You'd better have your lunch, then.
I don't eat nothin' till I get to Milltown; then I get a piece o'... could see Milltown.
I suppose it's bigger and grander even than... my pink sunshade there and my bead purse.
You see how it opens with a snap? I've twenty cents in it, and it's got to last three months, for stamps and paper and ink.
Mother says aunt Mirandy won't want to buy things like those when she's feeding and clothing me and paying for my school books." "Seriously.
We can do this.
We can mess up the profiles easily.
Getting people pulled over is easy." She sat up and pushed her hair off her face and looked at me.
I felt a little flip in my stomach, thinking that she was really impressed with me.
"It's the arphid cloners," I said.
"They're totally easy to make.
Just flash the firmware on a ten-dollar Radio Shack reader/writer and you're done.
What we do is go around and randomly swap the tags on people, overwriting their Fast Passes and FasTraks with other people's codes.
That'll make everyone skew all weird and screwy, and make everyone look guilty.
Then: total gridlock." Van pursed her lips and lowered her shades and I realized she was so angry she couldn't speak.
"Good bye, Marcus," she said, and got to her feet.
Before I knew it, she was walking away so fast she was practically running.
"Van!" I called, getting to my feet and chasing after her.
"Van! Wait!" She picked up speed, making me run to catch up with her.
"Van, what the hell," I said, catching her arm.
She jerked it away so hard I punched myself in the face.
The pirates all laughed.
More journalists asked questions.
Some were sympathetic, some were hostile.
When I got tired, I handed my keyboard to Ange and let her be M1k3y for a while.
It didn't really feel like M1k3y and me were the same person anymore anyway.
M1k3y was the kind of kid who talked to international journalists and inspired a movement.
Marcus got suspended from school and fought with his dad and wondered if he was good enough for his kick-ass girlfriend.
By 11PM I'd had enough.
Besides, my parents would be expecting me home soon.
I logged out of the game and so did Ange and we lay there for a moment.
I took her hand and she squeezed hard.
We hugged.
She kissed my neck and murmured something.
"What?" "I said I love you," she said.
"What, you want me to send you a telegram?" "Wow," I said.
"You're that surprised, huh?" "No.
Um.
It's just -- I was going to say that to you." "Sure you were," she said, and bit the tip of my nose.
"It's just that I've never said it before," I said.
"So I was working up to it." <Zen> ! ! awesome! ! good luck. leave this phone at home, OK? <nikko> duh <Zen> but when you're done, use it to let me know how it went <nikko> yes boss <Zen> ? Whoa.
I dressed, spending way more time than usual deciding which T-shirt to wear, trying to tame my hair, and stressing about a cou- ple of new zits that popped up overnight, feeling stupid because honestly, what difference does it make? I look pretty much the same, no matter what I do.
But I had never met a filmmaker before and Nikko had freaked me out about how famous she was.
Once I checked her out, I discovered her films were featured on BoingBo- ing all the time and she had a bazillion Twitter followers.
Normally I don’t like famous people on principle, but she was my best bet for creating public pressure to free my brother and his friends.
So, nerves and zits.
I left a note for Monica and headed downtown.
Normally, entering a fancy hotel would have been tricky.
The guy whose job is to opens doors for people might have closed them for me.
But I disguised myself as a credentialed geek by attaching myself to a group of T-shirt-and-jeans guys not much older than me going in the front doors for the conference.
Then I headed for the elevators and rode to the tenth floor.
"Never mind!" said Emma Jane comfortingly.
"Everybody says you're awful bright and smart, and mother thinks you'll be better looking all the time as you grow older.
You wouldn't believe it, but I was a dreadful homely baby, and homely right along till just a year or two ago, when my red hair began to grow dark.
What was the nice man's name?" "I never thought to ask!" ejaculated Rebecca.
"Aunt Miranda would say that was just like me, and it is.
But I called him Mr.
Aladdin because he gave us a lamp.
You know the story of Aladdin and the wonderful lamp?" "Oh, Rebecca! how could you call him a nickname the very first time you ever saw him?" "Aladdin isn't a nickname exactly; anyway, he laughed and seemed to like it." By dint of superhuman effort, and putting such a seal upon their lips as never mortals put before, the two girls succeeded in keeping their wonderful news to themselves; although it was obvious to all beholders that they were in an extraordinary and abnormal state of mind. unless they're stationed inside, where they would do absolutely no good at all.
A long, forlorn and ululating cry chases them the final distance.
But they don't burst into the chamber as Ray would have them do, as they'd drilled it.
Three steps, then a sort of stumbling halt.
The soldier mentality drops away, submerged in a vat of darkness that is thick like oil.
The chamber is large, a man-made dome maybe thirty meters across.
At regular alcoves around its edges, guttering clay lamps illuminate the dun colored

In 2013, after waiting in line for hours, Calvin finally saw the original 'Garden of Earthly Delights' painting up close.

rock, staining the curved walls black with their smoke in straight trails that look like charred ribs.
There are a dozen men in the center of the floor, ranked into four neat files; they're down on their knees, the pose of a good Muslim facing toward Mecca.
Except they're not praying.
Rather, they're bent at the waist, their torso's straight, their arms extended above their head, and they slap their hands against the bare stone floor.
The tight cadence of their slapping has become a reverberation that Ray heard in the tunnel, the chamber itself acting like a bell to their clapping.
At the twelve o'clock, there is a sort of natural eruption of stone, a lectern that is melted like wax.
Beside the lectern is a pool, a well surrounded by a low, stone parapet in the shape of a ring.
The well is full to the top with a turbid and brackish and foul smelling water.
In the space between pool and clappers, a shallow depression has been carved.
Tony laughed and said, That's where you're wrong! File-O-Gator is just the long arm of one of the Ones In Charge.
He probably slept with the wife of the One In Charge who runs BBD&O, and now they're fighting it out.
I laughed at Tony and said, You keep talking about the Ones In Charge! Everything you say is stupid unless you believe in the Ones In Charge! What makes you think that there are any Ones In Charge? There has to be, Tony said.
Who else is running the show? Rhindquist is! I said.
Tony looked at me like I was stupid.
I'm pretty sick of him looking at me like that.
Tony said, If Rhindquist is running the show, then how come he has time to waste on you? I wanted to say something, but I didn't know what.
Tony sure makes me angry! I got off the slidewalk and went home and wrote you this letter.
Hi Mom! Gosh, poor Buddy! How can he be a spy? I played with him all my life! I never saw him being a spy! He'd have to be pretty sneaky to be a spy! I don't think he's a spy! I'm sure that the manager at his disciplinary hearing will figure out that he couldn't be a spy! Anda’s Da and Mum were watching the telly again with a bowl of crisps between them.
She walked past them like she was dreaming and stepped out the door onto the terrace.
It was nighttime, 11 o’clock, and the chavs in front of the council flats across the square were kicking a football around and swilling lager and making rude noises.
They were skinny and rawboned, wearing shorts and string vests with strong, muscular limbs flashing in the streetlights. “Anda?” “Yes, Mum?” “Are you all right?” Her mum’s fat fingers caressed the back of her neck. “Yes, Mum.
Just needed some air is all.” “You’re very clammy,” her mum said.
She licked a finger and scrubbed it across Anda’s neck. “Gosh, you’re dirty—how did you get to be such a mucky puppy?” “Owww!” she said.
Her mum was scrubbing so hard it felt like she’d take her skin off. “No whingeing,” her mum said sternly. “Behind your ears, too! You are filthy .” “Mum, owwww! ” Her mum dragged her up to the bathroom and went at her with a flannel and a bar of soap and hot water until she felt boiled and raw.
I had to concentrate, because there was a lot of background noise from the people at the Owl who were stenciling signs and talking about oppression and capitalism and who had the glue and could somebody pass the scissors.
But Simon’s voice was louder than the others (naturally).
When somebody mentioned the good old days of the Occupy movement, Simon started ranting about how it was useless because the people involved were too hung up on consensus. “You want to speak truth to power? First you have to punch it in the nose to get its attention.” A woman said something about non-violence, which set Simon off on macho mansplaining. “Peaceful protest? You think that works? Face facts.
If you want real change, you have to be willing to act.” He went on like that for a while, and while he never got spe- cific about what he thought should be done or who should do it, it was just edgy enough to work for our purposes.
I was relieved that nobody else chimed in to agree.
If Nikko took his recording to the feds, I wanted only Simon to become the target of a sting. “What makes you think she isn’t?” asked Lexy cautiously.
He looked straight into her face. “You’re playing with me,” he said. “You’re fencing with me, to make me give myself away; and it’s a pretty rotten thing to do!” “Rotten?” Lexy repeated indignantly. “Rotten, not to answer questions from a perfect stranger?” “Yes,” he said, “it is; because that’s a question you could answer for any one.
I’ve only asked you if Miss Enderby is—all right.” This high-handed tone didn’t suit Lexy at all.
He was actually presuming to be angry, and that made her angry. “I shan’t tell you anything at all,” she said, and began to walk on again.
He put on his hat and turned away, but in a moment he was back at her side. “Look here!” he said. “Caroline told me you were her friend.
She said you could be trusted.
All right—I am trusting you.
I’ve felt, all along, that there was—something wrong.
I’ve got to know! If you’ll give me your word that she’s safe at home, I’ll clear out, and apologize for having made a first-class fool of myself; but if she’s not, I ought to know!” The Story So Far was part game, part competition, part creative writing exercise, a massive shared universe drama with dozens of sub-plots, mysteries, betrayals, crosses, and double-crosses.
Everyone kept saying it was only a matter of time until the big publishers started to cherry-pick the best writers from the message-boards, but in the meantime, there were these little hand-made editions, each one paying a small, honor-system royalty to the authors they anthologized.
"Have you tried asking your teachers for help?" He knew as soon as he asked it that it was the wrong sort of question.
She rolled her eyes with adolescent eloquence, then looked down again.
"Only you might be able to get credit for it -- independent study type of thing?" She rolled her eyes again.
"Right," he said.
"Right.
Well, sorry I couldn't be more help." The little bell over the door jingled merrily as she left.
"Back again?" She had her school bag in her hands, zip opened, bag gaping.
He was reminded of all those terrible little signs that said "No more than two school kids in the shop at any one time." Fancy that -- imagine if it said "No more than two women in the shop" or "No more than two Asians in the shop" -- kids were the last group you could treat like second class citizens without being called a bigot.
What? After that neurotic song-and-dance he'd just given me in the park? I should have been overjoyed, but something about the whole thing immediately felt synthetic.
I paused a long moment, trying to think the situation through.
What was going on? The answer to that was clear as day.
I was being set up.
Somebody wanted me out of town, and they'd just found a way.
Or was I being paranoid again? Had the weather cleared? I reached over and pushed aside a curtain.
Nope, it looked as threatening as ever.
No question.
This was definitely a setup.
On the other hand why not use whoever had put him up to this? This told me for sure I was on the trail of Sarah, and the sooner I got going, the better.
Aside from calling New York and then checking out the local Ninos del Mundo that Barry Morton wanted me to see so badly, I had no other pressing plans. . . .
"Alan, I thought you declared no 'effing' way were you going to go today," I said testing him.
"Why the sudden revision in scheduling?" "What are you going to do with the magnificent profits you get from this business?" "We are not selling for our own benefit," said Rebecca confidentially.
"My friend who is holding the horse at the gate is the daughter of a very rich blacksmith, and doesn't need any money.
I am poor, but I live with my aunts in a brick house, and of course they wouldn't like me to be a peddler.
We are trying to get a premium for some friends of ours." Rebecca had never thought of alluding to the circumstances with her previous customers, but unexpectedly she found herself describing Mr.
Simpson, Mrs.
Simpson, and the Simpson family; their poverty, their joyless life, and their abject need of a banquet lamp to brighten their existence.
"You needn't argue that point," laughed the man, as he stood up to get a glimpse of the "rich blacksmith's daughter" at the gate.
"I can see that they ought to have it if they want it, and especially if you want them to have it.
I've known what it was myself to do without a banquet lamp.
Now give me the circular, and let's do some figuring.
How much do the Simpsons lack at this moment?" "I can't cook, Ray." "Yikes.
It's a good thing you're independently wealthy, then.
You'd have a hard time finding a husband with that resume." He winks; she smiles.
She's more fun to play with than a bunch of uber-kids anyway, even if she doesn't like Captain Shadow.
"Maybe you can run the mining operation and Frederick can run the Trust.
That way each of you get a piece of the family business." It's out of his mouth before he can even... ducks his head.
"I don't think that would be a good idea.
Children don't like my brother very much either.
I certainly didn't like him when we were children." "Really?" "Come on, Ray, have you not been... what is called slipping bait.
But he can't just leave it there.
"So kids don't like him because he's not a happy drunk.
Why didn't you like him?" Emma shakes her head, looks away.
"I don't want to talk about this." And he wants to stop there, should stop, but his mind fills with an image: Frederick grabbing Emma by the arm, his knuckles white.
Not just bending her to his will, but intentionally causing her pain.
Delighting in causing her pain.
What did he do to you? I kept jiggling the power-adapter, but it was hopeless.
There was no way I was going to get the thing to boot without taking it apart.
I groaned and put it beside the bed.
I'd deal with it in the morning.
That was the theory, anyway.
Two hours later, I was still staring at the ceiling, playing back movies in my head of what they'd done to me, what I should have done, all regrets and esprit d'escalier .
I rolled out of bed.
It had gone midnight and I'd heard my parents hit the sack at eleven.
I grabbed the laptop and cleared some space on my desk and clipped the little LED lamps to the temples of my magnifying glasses and pulled out a set of little precision screwdrivers.
A minute later, I had the case open and the keyboard removed and I was staring at the guts of my laptop.
I got a can of compressed air and blew out the dust that the fan had sucked in and looked things over.
Something wasn't right.
I couldn't put my finger on it, but then it had been months since I'd had the lid off this thing.
Luckily, the third time I'd had to open it up and struggle to close it again, I'd gotten smart: I'd taken a photo of the guts with everything in place.
I hadn't been totally smart: at first, I'd just left that pic on my hard drive, and naturally I couldn't get to it when I had the laptop in parts.
But then I'd printed it out and stuck it in my messy drawer of papers, the dead-tree graveyard where I kept all the warranty cards and pin-out diagrams.
I shuffled them -- they seemed messier than I remembered -- and brought out my photo.
I set it down next to the computer and kind of unfocused my eyes, trying to find things that looked out of place.
"Come along then." The door opened with a cotton-soft sound from its balanced hinges, letting light into the room and giving him the squints.
"I wondered about your friends," Lawrence said.
"All those people at the restaurant." "Oh," Randy said.
He was a black silhouette in the doorway.
"Well, you know.
Honor among thieves.
Rank hath its privileges." "They were caught," he said.
"Everyone gets caught," Randy said.
"I suppose it's easy when everybody is guilty." He thought of Posy.
"You just pick a skillset, find someone with those skills, and then figure out what that person is guilty of.
Recruiting made simple." "Not so simple as all that," Randy said.
"You'd be amazed at the difficulties we face." "Zbigniew Krotoski was one of yours." Randy's silhouette -- now resolving into features, clothes (another sweater, this one with a high collar and squared-off shoulders) -- made a little movement that Lawrence knew meant yes.
Randy was all tells, no matter how suave and collected he seemed.
He must have been really up to something when they caught him.
Turned out there'd been plans for the concert in the park for weeks.
It had hopped from blog to blog, turning into a full-blown movement without my noticing.
And the concert was called Don't Trust Anyone Over 25.
Well, that explained where Ange got it.
It was a good slogan.
Monday morning, I decided I wanted to check out that anarchist bookstore again, see about getting one of those Emma Goldman posters.
I needed the reminder.
I detoured down to 16th and Mission on my way to...
The store was shut, but I got the hours off the door and made sure they still had that poster up.
As I... to see how much of the DON'T TRUST ANYONE OVER 25 stuff there was.
Half the shops had DON'T TRUST merch in the windows: lunchboxes, babydoll tees, pencil-boxes, trucker hats.
The hipster stores have been getting faster and faster, of course.
As new memes sweep the net in the course of a day or two, stores have gotten better at putting merch in the windows to match.
Some funny little youtube of a guy launching himself with jet-packs made of carbonated water would land in your inbox on Monday and by Tuesday you'd be able to buy t-shirts with stills from the video on it.
"It was a very small meeting, aunt Miranda," began Rebecca, "and the missionary and his wife are lovely people, and they are coming here to stay all night and to-morrow with you.
I hope you won't mind." "Coming here!" exclaimed Miranda, letting her knitting fall in her lap, and taking her spectacles off, as she always did in moments of extreme excitement.
"Did they invite themselves?" "No," Rebecca answered.
"I had to invite them for you; but I thought you'd like to have such interesting company.
"Stop your explainin', and tell me first when they'll be here.
Right away?" "No, not for two hours—about half past five." "Then you can explain, if you can, who gave you any authority to invite a passel of strangers to stop here over night, when you know we ain't had any company for twenty years, and don't intend to have any for another twenty,—or at any rate while I'm the head of the house." "Don't blame her, Miranda, till you've heard her story," said Jane.
"It was in my mind right along, if we went to the meeting, some such thing might happen, on account of Mr.
Burch knowing father." It would be impossible for two children to see more, do more, walk more, talk more, eat more, or ask more questions than Rebecca and Emma Jane did on that eventful Wednesday.
"She's the best company I ever see in all my life," said Mrs.
Cobb to her husband that evening.
"We ain't had a dull minute this day.
She's well-mannered, too; she didn't ask for anything, and was thankful for whatever she got.
Did you watch her face when we went into that tent where they was actin' out Uncle Tom's Cabin? And did you take notice of the way she told us about the book when we sat down to have our ice cream? I tell you Harriet Beecher Stowe herself couldn't 'a' done it better justice." "I took it all in," responded Mr.
Cobb, who was pleased that "mother" agreed with him about Rebecca.
"I ain't sure but she's goin' to turn out somethin' remarkable,—a singer, or a writer, or a lady doctor like that Miss Parks up to Cornish." "Lady doctors are always home'paths, ain't they?" asked Mrs.
Cobb, who, it is needless to say, was distinctly of the old school in medicine.
Her voice broke. “No more!” she said. “It is finished.
But—attend, Miss Moran! There must be no scandal.
No one is to know that she is not here.” She turned and walked out of the room.
Lexy sank into a chair. “I don’t care!” she said to herself. “She’s wrong—I know it! It’s not what she thinks.
Caroline’s not like that.
Something dreadful has happened!” It seemed perfectly natural to be awakened in the morning by Mrs.
Enderby’s hand on her shoulder, and

Question: Which character has been to Spain?