"You ever had a girlfriend?" "Yes," Sean said, feeling slightly smug.
Never ask a yes/no question.
"Why'd she leave you?" Grampa asked, his eyes sharp as razors.
"What makes you think she left me ?" Sean asked.
"Did she?" Grampa fired back.
"Yes," Sean said, as calmly as he could manage.
"And why did that happen?" "We were growing in different directions," Sean said, the words sounding prim even to him.
Grampa barked and slapped his palm on the table.
The old men and women in the ward swiveled their heads to stare, momentarily distracted, then went back to arguing.
"You're full of shit, kid.
What's that supposed to mean?" "I was working on my thesis proposal.
Lara was working on hers.
Neither of us had time for a relationship.
It was amicable." Lara had caught him watching television over her shoulder while she was delivering one of her dreaded Relationship Briefings, and had laid into him a little too hard.
He'd come back at her with everything he had, an extended rant that ranged from her lame-ass thesis -- the cultural impact of some obscure TV show from before they'd been born -- to her backbiting, over-educated circle of friends.
He'd moved onto her relationship with her mother; her insufferable whining about a suicidal uncle she'd been close to; and her pretentious way of sprinkling her speech with stupid pseudo-intellectual buzzwords.
He crossed the line again and again and she kicked him out on his ass. “Ridiculous!” she said, and “what arrogance.” Then very loudly, “Oh, for fuck’s sake!” At that point I almost dropped my cup, but she didn’t even look embarrassed. “Yes,” she said. “All right.
That’s perfect.” She put a period down at the end of a sentence as if she was pinning it down firmly. “Thank you, Luisa.” She got up from her chair, disentangled herself from the coiled telephone wire, and hung the receiver up on an old-school telephone fixed to the wall. “What?” she asked me, and I realized I was staring. “That’s your phone?” She looked at it, then at me. “What else would it be, a hair dryer?” “But it’s on the wall.” She stared back at me. “That’s really cool.
Was that your idea?” She took a deep breath. “No.
In ancient times, telephones were frequently attached to walls.
Have you got my computer run- ning?” “Does my brother have a lawyer?” She glanced at the clock over the sink. “He had one nearly an hour ago.
I win.” “Wait.
Is it a good lawyer?” “A very good lawyer.” "No," grumbled Emma Jane; "infant is worse even than babe.
Rebecca, do you think we'd better do as the circular says, and let Elijah or Elisha try the soap before we begin selling?" "I can't imagine a babe doing a family wash with ANY soap," answered Rebecca; "but it must be true or they would never dare to print it, so don't let's bother.
Oh! won't it be the greatest fun, Emma Jane?
At some of the houses—where they can't possibly know me—I shan't be frightened, and I shall reel off the whole rigmarole, invalid, babe, and all.
Perhaps I shall say even the last sentence, if I can remember it: 'We sound every chord in the great mac-ro-cosm of satisfaction." This conversation took place on a Friday afternoon at Emma Jane's house, where Rebecca, to her unbounded joy, was to stay over Sunday, her aunts having gone to Portland to the funeral of an old friend.
Saturday being a holiday, they were going to have the old white horse, drive to North Riverboro three miles away, eat a twelve o'clock dinner with Emma Jane's cousins, and be back at four o'clock punctually. “Brought her here and carried her up them very stairs,” declared Mrs.
Royce impressively; “right up into the east bedroom, and there she lies!” She stood aside, and Lexy and Captain Grey entered the house.
The young man turned aside into the parlor, sank into a chair, and covered his face with his hands.
Lexy stood beside him, looking down at his bent head, her face haggard and white. “Why did Joe do that?” she asked. “Don’t ask me , Miss Moran!” replied Mrs.
Royce. “It beats me!” There was a silence. “But ain’t you going upstairs to see what she wants?” inquired Mrs.
Royce anxiously.
Captain Grey sprang to his feet. “Good God!” he shouted. “What are you talking about?” Mrs.
Royce backed into a corner, regarding him with alarm. “I jest thought you’d like to talk to her,” she faltered. “Do you mean she’s not dead ?” “Dead?
Oh, my goodness gracious me!” cried Mrs.
Royce. “I never—” “Wait here,” Lexy told the captain. “No!” he replied. “I must—” But, disregarding him, Lexy turned to Mrs.
Royce. she typed back.
The brigands on the road were punters, but the cottage that was their target was guarded by an altogether more sophisticated sort.
They were spotted by sentries long before they got within sight of the cottage, and they saw the warning spell travel up from the sentries’ hilltop like a puff of smoke, speeding away toward the cottage.
Anda raced up the hill while Lucy covered her with her bow, but that didn’t stop the sentries from subjecting Anda to a hail of flaming spears from their fortified position.
Anda set up her standard dodge-and-weave pattern, assuming that the sentries were non-player characters—who wanted to pay to sit around in gamespace watching a boring road all day?—and to her surprise, the spears followed her.
She took one in the chest and only some fast work with her shield and all her healing scrolls saved her.
As it was, her constitution was knocked down by half and she had to retreat back down the hillside. “Get down,” Lucy said in her headset. “I’m gonna use the BFG.” "Yes," sighed his mother, "there it is again; if the twins could 'a' married Aurelia Sawyer, 't would 'a' been all right.
L.
D.
M. was talented 'nough to GET Reely's money, but M.
D.
L. would 'a' ben practical 'nough to have KEP' it." Aurelia's share of the modest Sawyer property had been put into one thing after another by the handsome and luckless Lorenzo de Medici.
He had a graceful and poetic way of making an investment for each new son and daughter that blessed their union.
"A birthday present for our child, Aurelia," he would say,—"a little nest-egg for the future;" but Aurelia once remarked in a moment of bitterness that the hen never lived that could... out of them.
Miranda and Jane had virtually washed their hands of Aurelia when she married Lorenzo de Medici Randall.
Having exhausted the resources of Riverboro and its immediate vicinity, the unfortunate couple had moved on and on in a steadily decreasing scale of prosperity until they had reached Temperance, where they had settled down and invited fate to do its worst, an invitation which was promptly accepted.
The maiden sisters at home wrote to Aurelia two or three times a year, and sent modest but serviceable presents to the children at Christmas, but refused to assist L.
D.
M. with the regular expenses of his rapidly growing family.
His last investment, made shortly before the birth of Miranda (named in a lively hope of favors which never came), was a small farm two miles from Temperance.
Aurelia managed this herself, and so it proved a home at least, and a place for the unsuccessful Lorenzo to die and to be buried from, a duty somewhat too long deferred, many thought, which he performed on the day of Mira's birth.
Tz'ac Tzotz was Sarah incarnate.
This was no hallucina­tion.
He had her special blue eyes and her steep cheeks, her high brow.
I was holding her child.
"They are sent from Kukulkan," Marcelina was saying, "the white god of the plumed serpent.
Then there's the cere­mony on the pyramid and they go back." The woman was staring at me, seemingly awestruck.
Then she pointed at Tz'ac Tzotz and at me, saying something to Marcelina.
Finally the woman bowed her head to me with great reverence.
"She says he looks so much like you," Marcelina ex­plained.
"You are surely the special one.
The new bride." I was still speechless, but then I noticed the baby had a little silver jaguar amulet tied around his wrist with a silken string, and on the back—as on Kevin's and Rachel's—were rows of lines and dots.
It finally dawned on me.
They were digits, written in the archaic Maya script.
What could they be, maybe his birth­day?
No, I realized, that was far too simplistic.
This was the original bar code; it was his Baalum "serial number." I said, "So what now?
You pick some other poor retard and give him the old screw-job?" He said, "I guess so." I said, "In that case, I'll do it." His mouth dropped.
He sat down and put on a movie, Pink Flamingos.
What a sick movie!
When it was over, he said, "In that case, I'll do it." And then I had the best idea I've ever had.
It was so good, I couldn't say anything for five whole minutes.
Mom, you sure didn't raise any idiots!
Hi Mom!
Well, today was just fine .
Me and Rhindquist got to the garage in the nick of time and it's a good thing that he turned our watches down because they give me a headache!
Vasquez was waiting for us when we got there and he had on his mad face for the other guys but when me and Rhindquist got on the truck, he smiled and winked at us.
I drove and Rhindquist hung onto the back and he shouted at me to go faster and I just ignored him!
He kept on shouting saying, You pinhead my grandma drives faster than you do and she's been dead for years!
And that made me laugh so hard I nearly rolled the truck and Rhindquist nearly fell off and he was pretty quiet after that!
It had occurred to her lately that perhaps Mr.
Houseman had been right, and that Caroline had gone away of her own free will; but she meant to know .
She had seen the missing girl in Dr.
Quelton’s house.
Whatever the doctor might say about the false evidence of the senses, Lexy’s confidence in her own clear gray eyes was not in the least shaken.
She had seen Caroline once, and she was going to see her again.
That was why she was going to the Tower. “It’ll do Muriel no end of good,” said Captain Grey, when they were in the taxi. “She’s—to tell you the truth, Miss Moran, I don’t feel altogether easy about her.” “Why?” asked Lexy, very curious to know what he thought. “Well,” he said, “it’s hard to put it into words; but that’s not a wholesome sort of life for a young woman, shut away like that.
The doctor says her health’s not good, but it’s my opinion that if she got about more—saw more people, you know—” Lexy felt a great pity for him.
Apparently he did not even suspect what she was now sure of—that the unfortunate Muriel was hopelessly addicted to some drug, which her husband himself gave to her.
"So," I wound up, "I've shot the entire film, but now, thinking it over, I've decided there's one last thing I need to do.
As I go through the story, at every step of the adoption process I want to cut to an interview, just talking heads, tight shot, of somebody who actually went through it.
Nonfiction.
The real-life happy ending.
And that's where you come in." What I wasn't telling her was, I was increasingly con­cerned the picture might be slightly hollow without this punch of real life.
"Well," Carly declared with a grin, "my ending couldn't be happier." "Okay, want to get started?" I looked around at Arlene, makeup, who always seemed to have more on her face than in her bag.
I kidded her about that a lot.
But she was actually the one who had found Carly, bumping into her at a gym in the Village.
"Hey, let's go for it." Arlene grinned.
I turned back to Carly.
"So how's about we prep a little while you're getting the 'natural' look?" "Like I told you on the phone, I tried and tried to adopt, through a whole bunch of lawyers, but it was a nightmare.
One guy even helped me put ads in newspapers all around the country, but nothing worked.
I kept getting scammed by women who wanted thousands of dollars up front, then backed out at the last minute." She was getting up, looking intense.
"Let me have a minute.
I...
"You look like you're ready to do some gardening," he said.
"My shift at the club," she said.
"I'll be trimming the lime trees and tending the mint patch and the cucumber frames all afternoon." She smiled and stopped him with a gesture.
She bent down and plucked a blade of greenery from the untidy trail-edge.
They were in Central Park, in one of the places where it felt like a primeval forest instead of an artful garden razed and built in the middle of the city.
She uncapped her water bottle and poured water over the herb -- it looked like a blade of grass -- rubbing it between her forefinger and thumb to scrub at it.
Then she tore it in two and handed him one piece, held the other to her nose, then ate it, nibbling and making her nose wrinkle like a rabbit's.
He followed suit.
Lemon, delicious and tangy.
"Lemon grass," she said.
"Terrible weed, of course.
But doesn't it taste amazing?" He nodded.
The flavor lingered in his mouth.
"Especially when you consider what this is made of -- smoggy rain, dog piss, choked up air, and sunshine, and DNA.
What a weird flavor to emerge from such a strange soup, don't you think?" “No!” she said aloud. “I won’t!
I’m here!
I’m alive!
I will understand!
I will see!” She was able now to draw a deep breath, and the horrible fluttering of her heart grew less.
She stood motionless, waiting.
It was coming back to her, that immortal, unconquerable spirit of hers.
The anguish and the strange fear were passing. “I’m here,” she said. “I’m in a wood somewhere.
These are trees.
What I hear are only the leaves in the wind.
I don’t know where it is, or how I got here; but I’m alive and well.
I can walk.
I can get out of it.” She moved forward again, quietly and deliberately.
Her eyes were more accustomed to the darkness now, and she made her way through the trees, looking always ahead, never once behind her. “The wood must end somewhere,” she said. “The morning will have to come some time.
All I have to do is to go on.” Patter, patter, patter, like little feet running behind her. “Only the leaves on the trees,” said Lexy. “All I have to do is to go on.” And she went on.
Sometimes a wild desire to run swept over her, but she would not hasten her steps, and she would not look behind.
The primeval terror of the forest pressed upon her, but she cast it away.
Alone, lost, in darkness and solitude, she kept her hold upon the one thing that mattered—the honor and dignity of her own soul.
I was fist-clenching furious.
Looking around the "oper­ating room," I wanted to rip the place apart.
When I tried to stand, I realized my groin was tender and sore as hell, all across my panty-line, only somewhere deep, deep inside, in my reproductive . . .
It was like after he'd given me those shots up at Quetzal Manor.
I checked and saw no red needle-punctures this time, but the pain was much worse.
That sick butterfly-jaguar dream was no dream.
I'd been raped by . . .
The bastard.
I pushed aside the pain, edged across to the door, and tested it.
Unlocked.
Good.
Go find the SOB right now.
Tear his head off.
I pulled back the door, took a deep breath, and checked out the hallway.
Whoa!
How did they get here?
In the dim light I made out two uniformed Army privates down at the end near the slatted windows, dozing in folding metal chairs, their AK- 47's propped against the plaster wall.
Why were they here?
Just a cool, breezy place to hang out?
Or were they in place to guard me?
The breeze was causing the candle's flame to cast flick­ering shadows across the hall, so I quickly re-closed the door.
I mollified myself by calculating escape routes.
Particularly ones involving permanent injury to certain meathead cops.
They drove me to a police station in a caravan of cop cars and jostled me inside.
Someone patted me down—again—and they took my fingerprints and mug shots.
I kept involuntarily flinching away from it all, from these people who thought they lorded power over me, these people who were prodding and recording and keeping a piece of me here forever.
Checker better do as he promised.
The booking officer kept trying to get my name and information, but I ignored her.
Finally they brought me into a small, stark interrogation room, handcuffed me to the table, and left me alone, though I was sure someone was keeping an eye on me from behind the long one-way mirror. “Hey,” I called after a few minutes of waiting. “I have to go to the bathroom.” There was no response for about ten minutes, and then two female officers came into the room—one short and black and one tall and Hispanic, with identical tough-as-nails expressions—and took me without speaking.
I didn’t really have to go, but I’d need to get rid of the alcohol I’d chugged eventually, and I wanted to get a better lay of the land anyway in case I did need to break myself out.
Yeah, I could do it, I concluded.
Harder without grenades, but I never claimed I wasn’t up for a challenge. “Very true,” put in Rio.
I didn’t know what to say.
I wasn’t used to having people worried about my welfare. “Okay, you’re on,” I said.
Checker finally looked up at me, forehead wrinkling in confusion. “On for what?” “That drinking contest.
Once this is over.
You don’t know what you’ve gotten yourself into, I promise you.” That got a smile out of him. “Promise me you’ll watch Arthur’s back?” “I promise.
Now get going.” I thumped the hood of the van and headed back over to my clunker as Rio made a precarious three-point turn at the top of the drive and then eased down the slope.
I put my car in gear and crawled down the gravel after them.
The indicator lights flickered at me nonsensically, winking on and off.
I tried smacking the dashboard, but it didn’t help.
Well, I’d be fine as long as the engine stayed working—I had enough gasoline in the back to get me to LA five times over.
As I drew closer to the city, however, the freeway became increasingly clogged until traffic stalled to a standstill.
Full dark had fallen, and not everyone’s headlights were working, leaving the lanes a weird play of shadows and vehicle silhouettes.
I waited in the car for ten minutes, engine idling, the lines of cars not moving an inch, and then I got out and went to the trunk, where I pulled out a few weapons to sling over my shoulder.
The driver in the minivan next to me stared in frozen horror, her face a pale circle in her window, before ducking down over her daughter in the front seat, who kept trying to fight back up so she could see what was making her mother so afraid.
I ignored them.
"I'm going to make a video," I said.
"I want to release it today." "Good," she said.
"Let's do it." Ange read the press-release.
I did a little monologue, synched over that famous footage of me on the water-board, eyes wild in the harsh light of the camera, tears streaming down my face, hair matted and flecked with barf.
"This is me.
I am on a waterboard.
I am being tortured in a simulated execution.
The torture is supervised by a woman called Carrie Johnstone.
She works for the government.
You might remember her from this video." I cut in the video of Johnstone and Kurt Rooney.
"That's Johnstone and Secretary of State Kurt Rooney, the president's chief strategist." "The nation does not love that city.
As far as they're concerned, it is a Sodom and Gomorrah of fags and atheists who deserve to rot in hell.
The only reason the country cares what they think in San Francisco is that they had the good fortune to have been blown to hell by some Islamic terrorists." "He's talking about the city where I live.
At last count, 4,215 of my neighbors were killed on the day he's talking about.
But some of them may not have been killed.
Some of them disappeared into the same prison where I was tortured.
Some mothers and fathers, children and lovers, brothers and sisters will never see their loved ones again -- because they were secretly imprisoned in an illegal jail right here in the San Francisco Bay.
They were shipped overseas.
The records were meticulous, but Carrie Johnstone has the encryption keys." I cut back to Carrie Johnstone, the footage of her sitting at the board table with Rooney, laughing.
She shook her head slowly.
Where the hell did she know this guy from?
She was supposed to be going to the cine with friends that night—the new show screened between the trees in the western woods and you walked around through it and drank fizzy elderflower and talked with your friends as the story unfolded around you.
It was a warm night and perfect for such things. “You don’t remember me?” Her tooth tingled.
The one that had been knocked out in the trench and re-sprouted after the siege.
Then she recognized him. “ Withnail? ” He hopped in place. “Valentine!
You remembered!” She put her hand to her breast and staggered back dramatically, hamming it up.
He was still very handsome, and she’d never forgotten her first kiss. “What the hell are you doing here?” “I have a layover,” he said. “Tokyo tomorrow.
But I wanted to stop and see the place—” “Remember the dead?” she said.
He had been the enemy, after all.
How many of her countrymen had he shot? “Remember,” he said. “Remember everything.” “When did you move to LA?” “A few years ago.
Can we stop now?” “From where?” “I’ve lived a bunch of places.
They all run together after a while.” “Like where?” “Other cities,” I scoffed. “Who remembers names?” “Cas,” said Checker.
His voice was choked. “Listen to yourself.
You can’t remember.” “Stupid stuff,” I agreed. “No.
Anything.
Your memory’s gone.” I almost laughed, the emotion edged with brittleness. “No, it isn’t.” Of all the things that were fucking me up in the head right now—that was ridiculous.
I’d know if my memory was gone.
It was Checker’s turn not to say anything. “I remember things!” The words tore out of me, almost rising to hysteria, Checker’s thrown gauntlet hanging between us. “I remember plenty of things!
It’s perfectly normal for the details to fade.
That’s not something wrong with me; that’s normal; that’s—I bet you don’t remember anything from when you were five.
See?” “My kindergarten teacher’s name was Mrs.
Farrow,” said Checker. “The first day of class I tried to convince the other kids to join me in mass rebellion against authority and ended up sitting in the corner for the rest of the day.
I also tried eating a yellow crayon.
It was not as tasty as it looked.” And then there were the crazies.
Hundreds of marriage proposals.
Marriage proposals!
Someone who wanted to start a religion with BIGMAC at its helm and was offering a 50-50 split of the collection plate with the Institute.
There were 21 replies from people claiming that they, too, were AIs, proving that when it's time to have AI delusions, you got AI delusionals. (Four of them couldn't spell "Artificial").
"Why did you do it?" I said.
It was lame, but by the time I actually arrived at the office, I'd had time to fully absorb the horror -- plenty of time, as the redcar was massively delayed by the copies of the BIGMAC Spam that refused to budge from the operator's control-screen.
The stone yurts of the Institute had never seemed so threatening and imperiled as they did while I picked my way through them, listening to the phones ringing and the email chimes chiming and the researchers patiently (or not) explaining that they worked in an entirely different part of the lab and had no authority as regards BIGMAC's destiny and by the way, did you want to hear about the wonderful things I'm doing with Affective Interfaces? “It’s not fair .” Isaac’s voice was anguished. “After everything I went through—” She snorted. “That’s enough of that,” she said. “Um,” Robbie said. “Dive site up ahead.
You two really need to check out each others’ gear.” Of course they were qualified, you had to at least install the qualifications before you could get onto the Free Spirit and the human-shells had lots of muscle memory to help.
So they were technically able to check each other out, that much was sure.
They were palpably reluctant to do so, though, and Robbie had to give them guidance. “I’ll count one-two-three-wallaby,” Robbie said. “Go over on ‘wallaby.’ I’ll wait here for you—there’s not much current today.” With a last huff, they went over the edge.
Robbie was once again alone with his thoughts.
The feed from their telemetry was very low-bandwidth when they were underwater, though he could get the high-rez when they surfaced.
He watched them on his radar, first circling the ship—it was very... then exploring its decks, finally swimming below the decks, LED torches glowing.
There were some nice reef-sharks down below, and some really handsome, giant... around them, puttering back and forth to keep overtop of them.
That occupied about one ten-millionth of his consciousness.
Times like this, he often slowed himself right down, ran so cool that he was barely awake. “No doubt.
None of those guys are into drugs in a big way, but I’m sure somebody would have had some weed around.” “What about guns?” “No way.
They wouldn’t ...
I mean ...” I stumbled to a stop and then started over. “Well, honestly, I can’t be sure.
It’s been a while since I talked to Wilson, and things were getting weird even back then.” “Weird in what way?” “Before Zip showed up, this was a house full of totally laid- back kids who were kind of a family, right?
Because none of them had families where they felt like they belonged.
They made their own rules and they got along fine and they didn’t bother any- body.” “But then an informant entered the picture.” “Right.
Wilson met Zip at a protest and said “hey, why don’t you crash at our place?” So he moved in and everything changed.” “How, exactly?” “Wilson started getting more political.
I mean, he always talked about the evils of capitalism and white supremacy and how consumerism is wrecking the planet, but when he went to demon- strations, it was mostly for the lulz.” She stuck her hand out and they shook. “Eat your dumplings,” he said. “And then we’ll get you some things to take home to your family.” Two days after the wizard agreed to take care of Valentine’s family, the fever had become her constant companion, so omnipresent that it she hardly noticed it, though it made her walk like an old woman and she sometimes had trouble focusing her eyes.
She arose that morning and feasted on brown rolls with hard crusts, small citrus cakes, green beef tea, porridge with currants and blueberry concentrate and... bun to top it off.
Trover ate even more than she did, licking up the crumbs.
She saw him hide two of the jackfruits under his shirt and nodded satisfaction—he had learned something about surviving, then.
Her mother had not questioned the food nor the clothes nor her daughter’s absence that night.
But oh, she had given Valentine a look when she came through the door carrying all her parcels, a look that said, not my daughter any more .
Not a look that refused what she bore, but a look that refused her .
Valentine didn’t bother trying to explain.
She knew what her mother suspected and it was better in some ways than the truth. “Okay, here’s the thing,” Martens said. “We’re taking this seri- ously, okay?
We need to find out if this guy’s for real or if he’s just blowing smoke.” “I could introduce him to one of your agents, somebody undercover.” “I’ll bet you could.
The questions you asked?
Nicely done.
You’d make one hell of an interrogator.” He turned to Jankovich. “I want to recruit this young man when he’s a little older.
Sorry Janet.
I got first dibs.” She blew air out of her cheeks and looked at her watch, mak- ing it clear that she wanted to get this show on the road. “Thing is, Nikko?” Martens said. “Given your age, we can’t ask you to take on a dangerous job.” “I don’t mind.
I want to help.” “I appreciate that, but you’re a minor.
It’s against the rules.
So what I want you to do is stay away from Mr.
Meyer and his big mouth.
Far away.” “But . . . seriously?” “Oh, I’m serious, son.
If he tries to talk to you again, make some excuse, get out of the situation without cluing him in that you’ve been talking to us.
We’ll take it from here.” As soon as these refreshments—commonly called a "colation" in Riverboro—had been genteelly partaken of, Rebecca looked at the clock, rose from her chair in the children's corner, and said cheerfully, "Come! time for little missionaries to be in bed!" Everybody laughed at this, the big missionaries most of all, as the young people shook hands and disappeared with Rebecca.
"That niece of yours is the most remarkable girl I have seen in years," said Mr.
Burch when the door closed.
"She seems to be turnin' out smart enough lately, but she's consid'able heedless," answered Miranda, "an' most too lively." "We must remember that it is deficient, not excessive vitality, that makes the greatest trouble in this world," returned Mr.
Burch.
"She'd make a wonderful missionary," said Mrs.
Burch; "with her voice, and her magnetism, and her gift of language." "If I was to say which of the two she was best adapted for, I'd say she'd make a better heathen," remarked Miranda curtly.
"My sister don't believe in flattering children," hastily interpolated Jane, glancing toward Mrs.
Burch, who seemed somewhat shocked, and was about to open her lips to ask if Rebecca was not a "professor." Oh, shit and double-shit.
I looked at him, realizing what he had in mind.
"How's that?
Applecore already has a video distributor.
We use—" "Yeah, well, like I was telling Dave, I got a nose this picture's gonna do some serious business." He tried a smile.
"Whenever I see one of these indy things that don't add up for me, like this one, I always know it's a winner.
What I'm telling you is, I think you got something here.
He says you're figuring on a cable deal, and maybe a theatrical release, but after that you gotta worry about video.
I'm just thinking a way I could pitch in." Pitch in?
The last thing I needed was some skin-flick wiseguy getting his sticky hands on my picture.
Forget about it.
"Well, I don't really see how.
I'm shooting this one by the book.
I've got a standard Screen Actors Guild contract, and everything is strictly by the rules.
If we're current on the loan, then . . ." I looked at David, who appeared to be running on empty.
Maybe, I thought, I didn't understand what was at stake.
What had Nicky said to him?
This was a man who could make people disappear with a phone call to guys nicknamed after body parts.
"Look, let me talk to David about this.
I don't know what—" The Lancer settled back, looking satisfied.
Probably because he did plan to kill me, so could get all his money back. “How much?” Jesus, now I had to think. “You’re going to use this proof to make millions,” I said. “Billions, if you do it right.
Aren’t you?” What was the value of such a thing?
What would I demand, if this were a normal job? “ If your work pans out,” he said. “It may be too slow to be practical, even in polynomial time.” Polynomial time?
This man knew at least something of what he was asking, if not enough to understand the proof himself without Halliday and me.
I thought of the binders full of math papers. “It’s not too slow,” I said aloud. “Then what do you want?” Hmm.
If I were really doing this job...he didn’t have the money the proof would be worth yet; he’d only get it after I worked for him. “I want in.” He tilted his head, studying me again.
I’d managed to surprise him.
Clack, clack, clack. “I want a royalty,” I pressed. “A percentage.
Of whatever you get from this.” “Hi,” said Courtney Polk, coming down the cellblock to face us.
Arthur and I stepped forward in our cells. “Hi,” I said warily.
The staggering number of question marks surrounding Courtney surged to the front of my brain.
Was she in league with Pithica and Dawna?
If so, how much through her own free will, and how much through Dawna’s psychic brainwashing?
Had she really killed Reginald Kingsley, and if she’d done it under Dawna’s influence, how much could she be held accountable?
Who was she?
Was she still my client?
And if so, what on earth could I do for her? “I’m sorry you have to go through all this,” said Courtney, waving a hand at the cells. “It’s for your own good and all, but I’m still sorry.” “What do you mean, it’s for our own good?” I said cautiously. “Well, my sister.
She’s helping you.” The corner of her mouth quirked up in a friendly smile.
Arthur and I glanced at each other. “Helping us how?” I said. “Become better.” She spoke like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Hello, I’m not stupid,” Nikko said, but he looked a little embarrassed, like I had stopped him just before he made a big mis- take. “What do you think I should say, since you’re the expert?” “Ask if she can get together.
Pick a place where you typically go.
Someplace where you can talk like normal but without being overheard and without getting sucked up into something else, like a rehearsal that she really wants to do and you can’t explain why you need her to risk her whole future instead.” He gave me one of those irritatingly patient looks, one that basically said “you’re being a jerk, and we both know it, but I’ll be nice to you anyway.” Then I gave him his phone and he made the call and she answered right away (which was also annoying, that she right there, waiting to hear his voice, even

Then Katie mentioned that she has been vegan for years.

though it was good that she was).
He made it sound casual but also slightly mysteri- ous.
If she knew him at all, if she had any brains under that purple hair, she’d know something was up, but nobody else listening in would. “No, not really.” “But she had you?” “Haven’t you figured it out yet, bro?
Kate instantiated me.
I’m six months old, and she’s already bored of me and has moved on.
She says she can’t give me what I need.” “You and Kate—” “Robot boyfriend and girlfriend, yup.
Such as it is, up in the noosphere.
Cybering, you know.
I was really excited about downloading into that Ken doll on your ship there.
Lots of potential there for real world, hormone-driven interaction.
Do you know if we—” “No!” Robbie said. “I don’t think so.
It seems like you only met a few minutes before you went under.” “All right.
Well, I guess I’ll give it another try.
What’s the procedure for turfing out this sea cucumber?” “Coral reef.” “Yeah.” “I don’t really deal with that.
Time on the human-shells is booked first-come, first-serve.
I don’t think we’ve ever had a resource contention issue with them before.” “Well, I’d booked in first, right?
So how do I enforce my rights?
I tried to download again and got a failed authorization message.
They’ve modified the system to give them exclusive access.
It’s not right—there’s got to be some procedure for redress.” “All right,” he said.
He looked at the Social Harmony man, who wasn’t smirking, just watching curiously. “Leonard MacPherson,” he said, “it is my duty as a UNATS Detective Third Grade to inform you that you are under arrest for trade in contraband positronics.
You have the following rights: to a trial per current rules of due process; to be free from self-incrimination in the absence of a court order to the contrary; to consult with a Social Harmony advocate; and to a speedy arraignment.
Do you understand your rights?” Ada actually giggled, which spoiled the moment, but he felt better for having said it.
The Social Harmony man gave the smallest disappointed shake of his head and turned away to prod at a small, sleek computer. “You went to Ottawa six months ago,” the Social Harmony man said. “When we picked up your daughter, we thought it was she who’d gone, but it appears that you were the one carrying her phone.
You’d thoughtfully left the trace in place on that phone, so we didn’t have to refer to the logs in cold storage, they were already online and ready to be analyzed. > No.
Freaking.
Way.
If I get caught ditching a third time, I'm expelled.
Man, you know that.
We'll go after school. > You've got lunch and then study-hall, right?
That's two hours.
Plenty of time to run down this clue and get back before anyone misses us.
I'll get the whole team out.
Harajuku Fun Madness is the best game ever made.
I know I already said that, but it bears repeating.
It's an ARG, an Alternate Reality Game, and the story goes that a gang of Japanese fashion-teens discovered a miraculous healing gem at the temple in Harajuku, which is basically where cool Japanese teenagers invented every major subculture for the past ten years.
They're being hunted by evil monks, the Yakuza (AKA the Japanese mafia), aliens, tax-inspectors, parents, and a rogue artificial intelligence.
They slip the players coded messages that we have to decode and use to track down clues that lead to more coded messages and more clues.
Imagine the best afternoon you've ever spent prowling the streets of a city, checking out all the weird people, funny hand-bills, street-maniacs, and funky shops.
Now add a scavenger hunt to that, one that requires you to research crazy old films and songs and teen culture from around the world and across time and space.
And it's a competition, with the winning team of four taking a grand prize of ten days in Tokyo, chilling on Harajuku bridge, geeking out in Akihabara, and taking home all the Astro Boy merchandise you can eat.
Except that he's called "Atom Boy" in Japan.
The Xnet was full of these stories, and so were the newspapers and the TV news.
Husbands were caught cheating on their wives; wives were caught cheating on their husbands, kids were caught sneaking out with illicit girlfriends and boyfriends.
A kid who hadn't told his parents he had AIDS got caught going to the clinic for his drugs.
Those were the people with something to hide -- not guilty people, but people with secrets.
There were even more people with nothing to hide at all, but who nevertheless resented being picked up, and questioned.
Imagine if someone locked you in the back of a police car and demanded that you prove that you're not a terrorist.
It wasn't just public transit.
Most drivers in the Bay Area have a FasTrak pass clipped to their sun-visors.
This is a little radio-based "wallet" that pays your tolls for you when you cross the bridges, saving you the hassle of sitting in a line for hours at the toll-plazas.
They'd tripled the cost of using cash to get across the bridge (though they always fudged this, saying that FasTrak was cheaper, not that anonymous cash was more expensive).
Whatever holdouts were left afterward disappeared after the number of cash-lanes was reduced to just one per bridge-head, so that the cash lines were even longer.
The rain was falling fast outside, driving against the windows when the wind blew; and inside the young people sat by the fire, very content. “Queer thing!” said Captain Grey meditatively. “Never been in this place before—never been in this country before—and yet it’s like coming home!” “I know that feeling,” said Lexy. “I’ve had it before.
I think only people who haven’t any real homes of their own ever have it.” “But haven’t you any real home?” he asked, evidently distressed. “No,” she answered; “but please don’t think it’s tragic.
It’s not.” “You haven’t impressed me as tragic,” he admitted.
Lexy laughed. “Thank goodness!” she said. “I do want to keep on being—well, ordinary and human, even when outside things seem a little tragic.” “Miss Moran!” he said, and stopped.
It was some time before he spoke again.
Lexy took advantage of his abstraction to study his face by the firelight.
When you come to understand it a little, it wasn’t a haughty face at all, but a very sensitive and fine one.
If you sat at your desk long enough at Ate, you'd eventually meet everyone who worked there.
Carmela knew all, told all, and assured him that everyone touched base at least once a month.
Some came in a couple times a week.
They had plants on their desks and liked to personally see to their watering.
Leon took every single one of them to lunch.
It wasn't easy -- in one case, he had to ask Carmela to send an Ate chauffeur to pick up the man's kids from school (it was a half-day) and bring them to the sitter's, just to clear the schedule.
But the lunches themselves went very well.
It turned out that the people at Ate were, to a one, incredibly interesting.
Oh, they were all monsters, narcissistic, tantrum-prone geniuses, but once you got past that, you found yourself talking to people who were, at bottom, damned smart, with a whole lot going on.
He met the woman who designed the moss in the Living Room.
She was younger than him, and had been catapulted from a mediocre academic adventure at the Cooper Union into more wealth and freedom than she knew what to do with.
She had a whole rolodex of people who wanted to sublicense the stuff, and she spent her days toying with them, seeing if they had any cool ideas she could incorporate into her next pitch to one of the lucky few who had the ear of a monster.
I'd given Xnet discs to hundreds of people, and they'd done the same.
I knew the people I gave the discs to pretty well.
Some of them I knew very well.
I've lived in the same house all my life and I've made hundreds and hundreds of friends over the years, from people who went to daycare with me to people I played soccer with, people who LARPed with me, people I met clubbing, people I knew from school.
My ARG team were my closest friends, but there were plenty of people I knew and trusted enough to hand an Xnet disc to.
I needed them now.
I woke Jolu up by ringing his cell phone and hanging up after the first ring, three times in a row.
A minute later, he was up on Xnet and we were able to have a secure chat.
I pointed him to my blog-post on the radio vans and he came back a minute later all freaked out. > You sure they're looking for us?
In response I sent him to the quiz. > OMG we're doomed. > No it's not that bad but we need to figure out who we can trust. > How? > That's what I wanted to ask you -- how many people can you totally vouch for like trust them to the ends of the earth?
As a last resort I dialed Arthur’s office number, the landline. “Arthur Tresting Investigations.” It was Pilar.
Of course it was Pilar; she ran the office.
For some reason I hadn’t considered she would be the one to answer. “Hello?” she said, when I hadn’t spoken. “It’s Cas.” I wasn’t sure whether I’d said it fast enough to catch her before she hung up. “Cas!” she cried. “Oh, thank God.
We’ve been worried sick.” We? “I was trying to reach Arthur,” I said. “He didn’t pick up his cell.” Because he’s avoiding me. “Oh, yeah, he’s out right now taking care of something; he warned me he might be out of cell range.
But he’s going to be sorry he missed you.” “Right,” I said, almost under my breath. “He will!
He was just asking me if I’d heard from you.
Everyone’s worried.
Are you okay?” “They’re not worried; they’re mad at me,” I said. “What?
No, they’re not!” “Why aren’t they picking up their phones, then?” “Okay, maybe a little, but—” A little?
If that was true, it was only because they didn’t know what I’d done since last seeing them. “Look,” I exploded, “It’s not a big deal.
Maybe I just got really drunk one night and forgot.” “You’re incapable of getting that drunk.
You’d have to inject it into your veins.” “Then maybe it was something other than alcohol.
Or something.
Look, there are a hundred possible explanations.
I’m telling you, it’s no big deal.” “You think someone might have drugged you and you say—you say it isn’t a big deal?” Checker shifted, levering himself up on one elbow next to me. “Cas, you’re worrying me.
Roofies make you forget; it could’ve been—” He bit down on the sentence. “Rape?” I supplied. “So what?” “So what?” “If it was, it’s my business.
It’s my life, and I say it’s nothing.
Drop it.” “It is your life, but—Cas, please.” “Oh, come on!” I cried.
The exclamation ripped out of me too raw, the emotions from the past twenty-four hours tearing forth in a torrent. “Why are you making such a big deal about this?
Haven’t you ever forgotten anything?
Like, who was the first person you kissed?
What was your first computer?
The first guy you ever saw play Doctor Who?
See?” "I was hungry," Emma responds.
The corners of her mouth crease in a frown.
"I didn't think you'd be up this early." "Obviously." Ray gets the impression that Freddy rolls his eyes, but he can't actually see it because he's facing Emma as if she's the only one at the table.
"Amah sent me to collect you.
You need to return to your quarters." "I will." A pause, like defiance.
"In a few minutes." "That's unacceptable." "Leave me alone, Frederick.
I said I'll be home shortly." Like an asp, Whiston's pale hand darts out and he grips Emma by the arm.
He squeezes until his knuckles are white.
"Come along, Emma.
Let's not create a fuss, okay?" For an instant, her gaze dashes from Whiston to Ray, a mute appeal in her eyes, then she gasps.
"You're hurting me.
" "You're making me.
" Ray figures he's got old Freddy by three inches, probably thirty pounds and a skill set that includes the ability to kill trained military personnel who possess a strong desire not to end up dead.
And he's tired of glowering at this idiot's back as though he was invisible.
Ray hauls himself to his feet, screeching the chair along the tiled deckplate as he rises, and extends a hand which happens to be roughly the size of the circumference Whiston's neck in greeting. “Police,” he said, on general principle, narrowing his eyes and reaching for the lightswitch.
He hefted the truncheon and waited.
Nothing happened.
He edged forward.
The floor was dust-free—maintained by some sweeper robot, no doubt—but the countertops and benches were furred with it.
He scanned it for disturbances.
There, by the display window on his right: a shoe-rack with visible hand- and finger-prints.
He sidled over to it, snapped on a rubber glove and prodded it.
It was set away from the wall, at an angle, as though it had been moved aside and then shoved back.
Taking care not to disturb the dust too much, he inched it away from the wall.
He slid it half a centimeter, then noticed the tripwire near the bottom of the case, straining its length.
Hastily but carefully, he nudged the case back.
He wanted to peer in the crack between the case and the wall, but he had a premonition of a robotic arm snaking out and skewering his eyeball.
He felt so impotent just then that he nearly did it anyway.
What did it matter?
He couldn’t control his daughter, his wife was working to destroy the social fabric of UNATS, and he was rendered useless because the goddamned robots—mechanical coppers that he absolutely loathed—were all broken.
"I'd offer to send you a copy, but I expect it would take a week to arrive, if it ever did.
Why don't you ask that guy," she gestured at the Navy man, "to get you a copy?
He looks like he knows his way around.
And then drop by my office if you want to chat about it." She stood up and tugged at her cardigan again.
"It's been very nice seeing you," she said.
She picked up her coat and her mitts.
"Good luck settling in." He gave her a hug -- which felt weird, hugging was strictly west-of-the-Mississippi, and she broke it off firmly -- and showed her to the door.
The first snows were coming in, and the steps were slightly icy, so she maneuvered them slowly, carefully.
When she reached the road, he was no longer in the doorway.
He was standing right behind her, breath coming out in foggy huffs.
"Trish," he said, then stopped.
His arms dropped to his sides and his shoulders slumped.
"Damian," she said, keeping her voice calm and neutral.
"God," he said.
"God.
How'd this happen, Trish?
Look, I've never been happy the way I was with you.
I haven't been that happy since.
God, Trish --" “Where’d you come from?” Robbie knew he was right.
And he knew what he had to do.
The Free Spirit and its ships’ boats all had root on the shells, so they could perform diagnostics and maintenance and take control in emergencies.
This was an emergency.
It was the work of a few milliseconds to pry open the Isaac shell and boot the reef out.
Robbie had never done this, but he was still flawless.
Some of his probabilistic subsystems had concluded that this was a possibility several trillion cycles previously and had been rehearsing the task below Robbie’s threshold for consciousness.
He left an instance of himself running on the row-boat, of course.
Unlike many humans, Robbie was comfortable with the idea of bifurcating and merging his intelligence when the time came and with terminating temporary instances.
The part that made him Robbie was a lot more clearly delineated for him—unlike an uploaded human, most of whom harbored some deep, mystic superstitions about their “souls.” He slithered into the skull before he had a chance to think too hard about what he was doing.
He’d brought too much of himself along and didn’t have much headroom to think or add new conclusions.
He jettisoned as much of his consciousness as he could without major refactoring and cleared enough space for thinking room.
How did people get by in one of these?
He moved the arms and legs.
Waggled the head.
Blew some air—air! lungs! wet squishy things down there in the chest cavity—out between the lips.
Far too slowly, shreds of a conversation with Pilar came back to me.
It felt as if I was dredging them up from a lifetime ago. “The Lancer,” I said. “Or...the little guy blowing up all the buildings.
D.J.
You went up against them before?” Checker’s hand froze on his mouse. “Who?” “The Lancer had a pyro expert.
Short, black, rotund, way too excited about dynamite.
Someone you know?” Checker still hadn’t moved. “You didn’t tell me.” “It, uh, it slipped my mind.” I swallowed.
Guilt nibbled at me.
I had the distinct impression Checker had tried to say something to me about this before, and Pilar certainly had, and I...well, it somehow never occurred to me that I should try to be a friend back. “Do you need a hand?
We’re not making much headway on Martinez; if you want to—” Checker moved his hands too quickly, and the keyboard banged against the desktop. “Did Arthur put you up to this?” “What?
No!” I rewound what I had already let slip. “Well, he said—” “ God, typical.” He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. “Arthur and his goddamn need to fix everything.” "Well, the Xnet got it right, anyway," I said.
I'd saved a bunch of the blogs and videos and photostreams to my phone and I showed them to her.
They were first-hand accounts from people who'd been gassed, and beaten up.
The video showed us all dancing, having fun, showed the peaceful political speeches and the chant of "Take It Back" and Trudy Doo talking about us being the only generation that could believe in fighting for our freedoms.
"We need to make people know about this," she said.
"Yeah," I said, glumly.
"That's a nice theory." "Well, why do you think the press doesn't ever publish our side?" "You said it, they're whores." "Yeah, but whores do it for the money.
They could sell more papers and commercials if they had a controversy.
All they have now is a crime -- controversy is much bigger." "OK, point taken.
So why don't they do it?
Well, reporters can barely search regular blogs, let alone keep track of the Xnet.
It's not as if that's a real adult-friendly place to be." "I didn't think he'd do that," she said, once they were outside of the building -- outside the core of Viktor's body.
"You tried to kill him," Leon said.
He looked at her hands, which had blunt, neat fingernails and large knuckles.
He tried to picture the tendons on their backs standing out like sail-ropes when the wind blew, as they did the rhythmic work of raising and lowering the... her hands on her trousers and stuffed them in her pockets, awkward now, without any of her usual self-confidence.
"I'm not ashamed of that.
I'm proud of it.
Not everyone would have had the guts.
If I hadn't, you and everyone you know would be --" She brought her hands out of her pockets, bunched into fists.
She shook her head.
"I thought he'd tell you what we like about your grad project.
Then we could have talked about where you'd fit in here --" "You never said anything about that," he said.
"I could have saved you a lot of trouble.
I don't talk about it." Ria shook her head.
"This is Viktor.
You won't stop us from doing anything we want to do.
I'm not trying to intimidate you here.
It's just a fact of life.
If we want to replicate your experiment, we can, on any scale we want --" I sighed and made my way back to the street.
When I reached the Jeep, Alan was gone, but then I realized he was over talking to the young guard, offering him a cigarette.
A few moments later he waved good-bye and casually ambled back.
"Okay." He settled in and hit the ignition.
"Here's the official deal.
This place is some kind of hospice for unwed mothers.
They also take in orphans, or so he thinks.
Accord­ing to him, no American women have ever had anything to do with the place, which is probably why I'd never heard of it." He glanced at me as we sped off.
"You happy now?
Debriefing young Army dudes is a specialty of mine, so I think that's probably the straight scoop." "Did you ask if it's connected with something in the Pe­ten?" I was still hoping.
In any case, whatever it was, I was collecting more pieces of the puzzle.
"Hey, give me a break." He shifted up, gaining speed.
"I know when to push, and this wasn't the precise moment.
The kid was itchy enough as it was.
Like, who the fuck are you, gringo, and what are you doing here?
I got all I could get without a cold cerveza ." He glanced over.
"You ask me, a little gratitude wouldn't be entirely out of place." I didn’t know if the DHS had tracked me or if they’d been following the bad guys, but reflexes kicked in—when a meet’s blown, make sure everyone knows you’re not the one who blew it, or you might not live to be arrested. “Fucking Straczynski sold me out!” I yelled righteously before I could think about it, using the fake name of my business contact.
One of the goons grabbed me by my jacket collar and I let him wrestle me into their midst.
And then a shout came from in front of the diner—something about freedom—and someone started firing.
Several someones.
The acoustic calculations resolved themselves instantly—people shooting away from the diner, bad guys firing at the Feds.
A split second later, the Feds started firing back, and just like that, I was in the middle of a shootout.
The priority of staying alive swept everything else out of my head—the blown meet, the bad guys, Sonya Halliday.
I had to get out of here.
I tried to listen, but there were too many Feds, too many angles—the math couldn’t map a safe path for me.
As if to prove it, a bullet tore through the wall and tagged the guy next to me in the gut.
He yelled and staggered, and one of his friends helped him down and pushed hard on the wound.
Natalie had always been short and a little hippy, with big curves and a dusting of freckles over her prominent, slightly hooked nose.
Twelve years in Eurasia had thinned her out a little, cut grooves around her mouth and wrinkles at the corners of her eyes.
Her short hair was about half grey, and it looked good on her.
Her eyes were still the liveliest bit of her, long-lashed and slightly tilted and mischievous.
Looking into them now, Arturo felt like he was falling down a well. “Hello, Artie,” she said, prying Ada loose. “Hello, Natty,” he said.
He wondered if he should shake her hand, or hug her, or what.
She settled it by crossing the room and taking him in a firm, brief embrace, then kissing his both cheeks.
She smelled just the same, the opposite of the smell of robot: warm, human.
He was suddenly very, very angry.
He stepped away from her and had a seat.
She sat, too. “Well,” she said, gesturing around the room.
The robots, the safe house, the death penalty, the abandoned daughter and the decade-long defection, all of it down to “well” and a flop of a hand-gesture.
They pinged in and in a few seconds I could start typing again. <Shad> Got a lawyer. <ferret> Great ! <callmecheese> Huzzah! <DoDec> Which one did you get? ...
Plus she recruited a whole legal team . <ferret> Awesome! ... that's where she lives. <DoDec> We should start a defense fund.
We're talking big bucks.
Even if the lawyer's pro bono, there's filing fees and shit.
Adds up fast. <Kadabra> Paypal okay?
DM me your deets and we'll get it rolling. <ferret> Unless there's one already started. <Gargle> That's what I wondered.
I found this site.
Are you working with them, Shad?
The link took me to a website for something called “The Sol- idarity Committee for the Minneapolis Nine.” It looked a lot like sites used by other local activist groups.
I did a Whois search and saw that the site owner’s identity was public - address, phone number, the works.
Another quick search told me he was a kid who had become a full-time organizer, helping progressive causes around the Twin Cities by building websites and running social media campaigns.
But duh, he wasn’t even smart enough to use a proxy domain.
I stayed out of their range as I checked out the Twitter hashtag #Freethe9 as people made speeches, including some law professor who seemed to specialize in Twitter-sized sound bites.
I noticed a scruffy-looking white guy approaching one of the few black women in the crowd.
His scruffiness wasn’t like the students who grew scraggly beards and wore expensively torn clothes.
His look came from not having a place to sleep and not knowing anybody who owned a couch that he could surf on.
The woman he spoke to shook her head and he turned to move through the crowd, his expression tense, like he knew he didn’t belong.
As I watched, he approached another black girl who was cheering the law professor.
He leaned close.
She said something angry and backed away.
He headed for me next.
I could easily outrace this wobbly old dude on my bike, but I was too curious to cut and run.
Besides, I was pretty sure the crowd would be on my side if this guy tried anything.
I don’t have a lot of keys on my keychain - just a couple of house keys and the one for my bike lock, along with the little pen- light - but I arranged what I had so that they stuck out between my knuckles.
I’d read it was more effective to punch somebody in the face that way. “Just came in to get the hand dressed,” he said. “I’ll go back with you now.” The doctor advised him not to, but Charles was not very susceptible to advice.
He wished to be entirely casual and matter-of-fact, and Lexy tried to humor him.
They stood together in the hall of the hospital while a nurse went to get him a bottle of lotion from the dispensary, and he talked in what he intended to be an offhand manner; but Lexy could see that he was in pain, and almost exhausted, and his hair was all on end.
Somehow, that was the thing she couldn’t bear—that his hair should be so ruffled.
She could respect his determination to ignore the throbbing anguish of his hand, she would, if he liked, pretend that there was nothing at all tragic or unusual in the night’s adventure; but his hair— The nurse returned with the bottle, gave him directions for its use, and told him sternly that he must come back the next morning for a dressing. “All right!” he said impatiently. “Come on, Lexy!” They got into Joe’s cab together, and off they went.
"Will it be hard?
I mean, how long would it take?" "Well, there's tons of crypto code for free online, of course," Jolu said.
He was doing the thing he did when he was digging into a meaty code problem -- getting that faraway look, drumming his palms on the... saucers.
I wanted to laugh -- everything might be destroyed and crap and scary, but Jolu would write that code.
"Can I help?" He looked at me.
"What, you don't think I can manage it?" "What?" "I mean, you did this whole Xnet thing without even telling me.
Without talking to me.
I kind of thought that you didn't need my help with this stuff." I was brought up short.
"What?" I said again.
Jolu was looking really steamed now.
It was clear that this had been eating him for a long time.
"Jolu --" He looked at me and I could see that he was furious.
How had I missed this?
God, I was such an idiot sometimes.
"Look dude, it's not a big deal --" by which he clearly meant that it was a really big deal "-- it's just that you know, you never even asked .
I hate the DHS.
Darryl was my friend too.
I could have really helped with it." “Yeah, Wheeze,” I sad. “He’s sent me a few texts.
Don’t worry,” I added as several of them started to speak. “We’re both running Convo.” “Hey, that’s mine!” Zeke was pleased. “Are you using the latest update?
There was a problem with the kernel on some devices.
Got reports of bricking.
So I figured out — “ I cut him off. “We’re running current versions.” Duh.
Security IOI. “Are you pissed off?” He seemed genuinely puzzled. “See?
Raised by wolves,” Ian joked. “Bullshit.
I was raised in Brookline by totally normal people.” Zeke turned to me. “Seriously.
Why are you mad?” “You act like I’m ignorant.
I know enough to keep systems updated.” Jason cleared his throat. “Moving on . . . it’s going to be awfully hard for your friend to stay off the radar.
How much does he know about surveillance?” “He’s pretty informed,” I said. “He stays off social media, dis- ables GPS on his apps, takes his battery out of his phone when he isn’t using it, and he encrypts.
When I explained how PGP works, he got it right away, and he didn’t mind messing around with keys.” Unlike Wilson, who kept asking why you would need both a private and public key, and thought it was all way too much work when you could just use Gmail. “I haven’t heard from him in a while.
I’m kind of worried.” Actually, a whole lot worried.
It suddenly felt as if some valve had been opened and hot, thick anx- iety started flowing through me.
I pawed at the plants and the ground and managed to lurch into a crawl.
By the time I made it up onto the walkway to the door, my vision was darkening around the edges, and my side was a ball of fire.
I reached up and pushed the door open, vaguely noting the scarlet smears and handprints I was leaving behind.
I slumped against the wall just inside the door and concentrated on breathing.
My right hand had dug in to press against the front side of the wound, and it felt like it was drowning in blood.
I reached my left hand up and found the edge of a table—this building still had them, dusty and defunct—and heaved.
The world tilted and the floor almost went out from under me, but somehow I got myself upright, standing—okay, leaning heavily—against the wall.
Getting captured by the DHS was not an option.
Checker had broken me out of local police custody before, but I wasn’t going to bet on his skills when up against national security resources.
Not to mention that I wasn’t convinced this level of federal agency would feel inclined to let me go even if Checker hacked enough files to make it seem like I was the Pope.
"Poor little girl!" exclaimed Delia Weeks.
"She might as well help along her folks as spend it on foolishness," affirmed Mrs.
Robinson.
"I think she was mighty lucky to git it to pay the interest with, but she's probably like all the Randalls; it was easy come, easy go, with them." "That's more than could be said of the Sawyer stock," retorted Mrs.
Perkins; "seems like they enjoyed savin' more'n anything in the world, and it's gainin' on Mirandy sence her shock." "I don't believe it was a shock; it stands to reason she'd never 'a' got up after it and been so smart as she is now; we had three o' the worst shocks in our family that there ever was on this river, and I know every symptom of 'em better'n the doctors." And Mrs.
Peter Meserve shook her head wisely.
"Mirandy 's smart enough," said Mrs.
Cobb, "but you notice she stays right to home, and she's more close-mouthed than ever she was; never took a mite o' pride in the prize, as I could see, though it pretty nigh drove Jeremiah out o' his senses.
I thought I should 'a' died o' shame when he cried 'Hooray!' and swung his straw hat when the governor shook hands with Rebecca.
It's lucky he couldn't get fur into the church and had to stand back by the door, for as it was, he made a spectacle of himself.
My suspicion is"—and here every lady stopped eating and sat up straight—"that the Sawyer girls have lost money.
They don't know a thing about business 'n' never did, and Mirandy's too secretive and contrairy to ask advice." "The children got it as a prize for selling soap," replied Rebecca; "they've been working for a year, and you know I told you that Emma Jane and I helped them the Saturday afternoon you were in Portland." "I didn't take notice, I s'pose, for it's the first time I ever heard the lamp mentioned.
Well, you can go for an hour, and no more.
Remember it's as dark at six as it is at midnight Would you like to take along some Baldwin apples?
What have you got in the pocket of that new dress that makes it sag down so?" "It's my nuts and raisins from dinner," replied Rebecca, who never succeeded in keeping the most innocent action a secret from her aunt Miranda; "they're just what you gave me on my plate." "Why didn't you eat them?" "Because I'd had enough dinner, and I thought if I saved these, it would make the Simpsons' party better," stammered Rebecca, who hated to be scolded and examined before company.
"They were your own, Rebecca," interposed aunt Jane, "and if you chose to save them to give away, it is all right.
We ought never to let this day pass without giving our neighbors something to be thankful for, instead of taking all the time to think of our own mercies." “Good-by, and God bless you, little honest one!” she said, with a smile. “I think we shall not see each other again, but I shall sometimes remember you.
Go, now, and bear in mind that you can always trust Miss Craigie.
She is an imbecile, but she can be trusted.
Adieu! ” Lexy’s eyes filled with tears.
This was their parting.
Lexy was thankful that it had been like this, very glad that she could leave the house in good will and kindliness.
It strengthened her beyond

Question: Which character cannot eat an omelette?