 okay I want to test
 Something right now what we're doing well
 We are working on VoiceTree.
 Yes, we are working on VoiceTree.
 We are improving voice tree. We have recently made architecture
 a real improvement to voice trick but now we want to make actual accuracy and quality in
 Improvements to voice tree
 We have three different ideas to improve the quality.
 of voice tray these are it
 Changes to the agentic workflow and the prompts the first one is doing work item based segmentation
 This means that we segment chunks into sub-chunks
 where each sub-chunk should represent a work item.
 item in the sense of Jira, i.e. a task. Task can be a problem, a solution, a question.
 and all the relevant context. I played around with making manual
 trees on paper and I realized that almost everything can be represented as a work item.
 for example a question can be a work item and when there is something that is
 not represented by a work item you can make
 a synthetic or ghost work item. For example, at the start of a meeting when you are talking
 to your colleague about your kids and picking them up from school and other bullshit.
 This can be, uh, you can make synthetic work items.
 called becoming friends with colleague or connecting with colleague
 That is the work item. That is the point of this conversation.
 Okay, now the reason we want to do work item based segmentation
 because currently the prompt yes the prompt
 the prompt well
 And the prompt for segmentation is not very good.
 I'm a fucker duck.
 Well...
 Yeah, let me see
 Sorry, we are having interruption because the voice tree system is not actually working
 It is just making
 Bullshit I would say just content with new node name very bad very bad
 Thank you.
 So let me just tell my agent what is happening.
 we have a bigger problem right now and all the output is just messed up and junk like
 Voice tree system no longer actually working.
 But no error in the wall.
 Do you know what is happening?
 Okay, let me run my rerun only.
 Um...
 this is gonna run the integration tests
 Also see
 Thank you.
 Okay, well...
 Let's just first get our system back together.