So, today I'm starting work on voice tree. Right now, there's a few different things I want to look into. The first thing is I want to make a proof of concept of voice tree. So, the bare minimum I want to do is I want to be able to upload an audio file just like this one that has some decisions and context. And I want first, I want it to build into markdown, convert that into markdown, and then I want to convert that markdown into a visual tree. So, that's the first thing I want to do. Uh, to do that, I'll need to have a look into later on some of the visualization libraries. Uh, converting text into a data format and then into a tree visualization. And I also want to have a look into Flutter at some point because it'll be good to get that prize money. Um, and then I want to understand the engineering problem better of how we can stream audio files, uh, and how, how we send these audio files because currently they need to be atomic files, but that's not really how our app is structured. The voice is, uh, you know, it's it's continuous. Um, and so it's that's a difficult problem of whether we, you know, send these files once they're complete, or we're doing continual processing on the files and and then sending that as we go. Um, yeah, hard to know. And maybe also I need to look into whether Gemini and OpenAI have different models for voice attacks because I know that OpenAI, I think you can just stream audio and it does it as you go. But maybe Gemini you can't stream audio. So that's another thing to look into. Uh, but for now, I think the first thing I'm going to do is that first node. I'm just going to try build a proof of concept of converting an audio file just like this one into that tree. Okay, so now I'm going to start looking into building that proof of concept. Cool, so I've opened the uh, Colab, the Google uh, textbook for running code. And I'm going to try run now this audio. I'm going to save this file, upload it with the file API, and then run the example audio to text. Cool, let's try that.